This module might genuinely change how you
perform in this role.
Because here's the thing, the difference
between someone who's average on the phone and
someone who consistently moves leads
forward, it's not the script.
It's what happens when the seller pushes
back.
Objections are not the enemy.
They're actually a good sign.
Think about it. If a seller truly had zero
interest in selling, they wouldn't bother
pushing back on your price.
They wouldn't say, I need to think about it.
They just say, no thanks, and hang up.
When someone objects, they're telling you
they're engaged.
They have a concern sitting between them and
a yes.
And your job is to figure out what it is and
address it.
You need to rewire how you hear pushback.
An objection is not a rejection.
It's a conversation that still has momentum.
They haven't hung up. They're still talking
to you.
There's still something there.
So how do you work with that?
You hear the concern, you acknowledge it for
real, and you guide things forward.
Not by being pushy, not by steamrolling,
just by being genuinely curious about
what's actually going on.
One more thing before we get into them.
The objections you hear will depend on the
kind of call you're making.
On cold outreach, you'll get more of the
defensive.
Who are you pushback? How did you get my
number?
I'm not interested. Stop calling me.
When a lead has already been vetted and warmed
up, the objections shift toward the deal
itself. Price, timing, needing to talk to a
spouse.
Depending on your role, you'll live more in
one of those worlds than the other.
But you need to be ready for all of it
because any objection can show up on any call.
When you're on calls, you're going to hear
four types of responses, and they each need a
different approach.
The first is silence. You say something and
they just go quiet.
Most people panic here and start rambling.
Don't do that.
Silence means they're processing what you
said, and that's a good thing.
Give them the space. Whoever talks first
after a silence usually gives up ground,
so just wait.
The second is complaints.
Stuff like, I'm tired of getting these calls,
or you people just want to lowball me.
This isn't really an objection.
It's venting.
They're frustrated, probably from getting
hammered by other investors.
Acknowledge it. Show some empathy and
redirect.
Something like, I hear you, and I get that
you've probably gotten a lot of calls.
I want to make sure this one is actually
worth your time.
Can I ask you a couple of questions?
The third type is what I call reactionary
defense responses.
Things like, you've got two minutes, or just
make me an offer, or I've heard this
before. These are automatic.
It's like when you walk into a store and say,
just looking, even though you drove there
specifically to buy something.
Don't take the bait. Don't speed up your
process because they told you to hurry.
Just acknowledge it and keep moving.
Totally understand. I'll be respectful of
your time.
Let me ask you just a couple of quick things
so I can see if we can even help.
And then there are real objections.
Your price is too low.
I need to talk to my wife.
I want to list with a realtor first.
These are genuine concerns, and they deserve
a real, thoughtful response.
This is where the framework comes in.
For every real objection, you use four
steps.
First, you listen. And I mean actually listen,
not just wait for them to stop talking so
you can deliver your rebuttal.
Let them finish completely.
Second, you acknowledge what they said.
Show them you actually heard it.
I completely understand why you'd feel that
way.
Or, that makes total sense.
Never dismiss what they're saying and never
argue.
If you don't argue, you've lost.
Third, instead of jumping into a
counterargument, you ask a question.
If they say the price is too low, you ask,
what number were you hoping for?
If they say they need to think about it, you
ask, what specifically are you weighing?
Questions give you information, and
information is how you actually solve problems.
Fourth, you redirect. Once you understand
the real concern, you guide the conversation
toward a solution. I hear you, and I want to
make sure we find something that works for
both of us.
Listen, acknowledge, ask, redirect.
That sequence works for everything.
The one thing you should absolutely never do
is treat an objection like a dead end.
Every objection is a doorway into a deeper
conversation.
Your job is not to overcome objections like
it's some kind of battle.
It's to understand them.
In your written reference materials, you'll
find a full objection guide with 28
objections and specific rebuttals for each.
Study them, practice them, but more
importantly, internalize the framework.
Because if you really understand, listen,
acknowledge, ask, redirect, you can handle
any objection, even ones you've never heard
before.
Alright, more objection handling up next.
Only this time, you're doing the talking.